Change tutorials page (#903)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/_index.md

linkTitle: "Tutorials"
weight: 65
type: docs
no_list: true
---

{{< alert title="Tip" color="tip" >}}

> While tutorials may list specific hardware, the hardware only affects the configuration of a project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While following a tutorial may require specific hardware, the hardware requirements only affect the part of a project where you configure your components.
```
(opt)  Wording is a little big confusing, thought this could improve

> Once you have configured your components, you can use the same code of the tutorials with any hardare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have configured your components, you can use the same code of the tutorials with any hardware.
```

Reviewer: would also suggest saying "SDK code" 
or maybe instead "configured your components with Raw JSON or the app Config Builder"
not necessary but could help differentiate what code means here as ppl generally probably think configuration is code (even if json is not quite code)

Author: Going to stick with what we have and link to the configure page once its up. I don't think anyone would call it SDK code. But I'm open to other suggestions.

For this reason, we list tutorials based on features you may be looking for.
{{< /alert >}}

## Your first robots

{{< cards >}}
    {{< card link="/tutorials/get-started/try-viam-sdk" size="small">}}
    {{< card link="/tutorials/get-started/make-an-led-blink-with-the-viam-app/" size="small" >}}

>     {{< card link="/tutorials/get-started/make-an-led-blink-with-a-raspberry-pi-and-sdk/" size="small" >}}

Reviewer 2: I don't think these should both be here, especially with the exact same GIF. I think only part 1 should be here, and part 2 should just be linked to from part 1, so people don't get confused.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I think they are both OK there, but the dupe gif does bother me

Author: ok can change the gif

Reviewer 2: The new GIF is better than duping but it's still just the same thing from a different angle so maybe confusing? Not going to block this PR but maybe it'd be good to have "Part 1" and "Part 2" in the descriptions on these

{{< /cards >}}

## Configuration and Testing

{{< cards >}}

>     {{< card link="/tutorials/configure/build-a-mock-robot/" size="small" >}}

Reviewer 2: The GIF for this one has a weird shadow on the left side that comes and goes (and I think has something to do with an adjacent window casting a graphic shadow on the creator's screen)

Author: I'm aware - I don't want to re-record this. When we refactor this tutorial we can address that

>     {{< card link="/tutorials/configure/foam-dart-launcher/" size="small">}}

Reviewer 2: I think this one belongs in "projects"?? It feels more like a silly project than about configuration and testing.

Reviewer 3: +1

Author: ok

    {{< card link="/tutorials/configure/scuttlebot/" size="small" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Controlling

{{< cards >}}
    {{< card link="/tutorials/control/scuttle-gamepad/" size="small" >}}
    {{< card link="/tutorials/control/yahboom-rover/" size="small" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

> ## Services

Reviewer 2: This is okay but maybe we should keep in mind that motion is about to have a bunch of ones? and subdivide into motion and vision? or not idk

Reviewer 3: Agree, but I think we can divide later

Author: agreed will keep as is for now
